src/source_code.md, before:


Unix was developed before modern SCMs such as Git came about, but it has since been [ported to Git](https://github.com/dspinellis/unix-history-repo/tree/master), thanks to an effort led by [Diomidis Spinellis](https://www.spinellis.gr/index.html.var).


If you want to know more about the project and the archaeological effort to recreate Unix in git, see [Dr. Spinellis's 2016 document "A Repository of Unix History and Evolution"](https://www.spinellis.gr/pubs/jrnl/2016-EMPSE-unix-history/html/unix-history.html)

## Visualization

Here is a run of the synthesized Unix repo through [Gource](https://gource.io/), which helps us to imagine what the development of Unix might have looked like. The following run captures only the history from 1974 - 1985.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iX-A7-n7g5Y" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

After 1980 the tree becomes quite complex, so further context should be added to help explain the structure.

If the embed is not showing for some reason, you can [watch it in YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX-A7-n7g5Y)

Commit message:

Create separate PDP-7 UNIX page

src/source_code.md, after:


Unix was developed before modern SCMs such as Git came about, but it has since been [ported to Git](https://github.com/dspinellis/unix-history-repo/tree/master), thanks to an effort led by [Diomidis Spinellis](https://www.spinellis.gr/index.html.var).


If you want to know more about the project and the archaeological effort to recreate Unix in git, see [Dr. Spinellis's 2016 document "A Repository of Unix History and Evolution"](https://www.spinellis.gr/pubs/jrnl/2016-EMPSE-unix-history/html/unix-history.html).

Be sure to check out the [pdp7 page](./code/pdp7.md) for an early version of UNIX.

## Visualization

Here is a run of the synthesized Unix repo through [Gource](https://gource.io/), which helps us to imagine what the development of Unix might have looked like. The following run captures only the history from 1974 - 1985.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iX-A7-n7g5Y" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

After 1980 the tree becomes quite complex, so further context should be added to help explain the structure.

If the embed is not showing for some reason, you can [watch it in YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX-A7-n7g5Y)
